Add release announcement for 3.10 (#325)
pulp/pulpproject.org: _posts/2021-02-04-pulpcore-3.10-is-now-generally-available.md

## Pre-validation import parameters

A synchronous **import-check** command has been added to validate a number of possible causes of import/export failure. This command does not do tests that require database access or long-running tasks such as verifying checksums. All parameters are optional. [#7549](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/7549)

For more information, check out the [Pulp Import and Export workflow](https://docs.pulpproject.org/pulpcore/en/3.10/workflows/import-export.html) documentation.

## Update to the default Pulp deployment layout

`MEDIA_ROOT` is now its own directory. This change has the advantage of limiting the file permissions and the SELinux file contexts in a shared Pulp 2 and Pulp 3 deployment. This also adds compatibility with the `django_extensions' unreferenced_files` command, which lists all files in `MEDIA_ROOT` that are not in the database.

Other paths are kept on the same absolute paths.

The settings and logging documentation has been updated to reflect these changes. [#7178](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/7178)

## New generic list endpoint

> This release includes a new endpoint that you can use to list all `Content`, `ContentGuards`, and `Repositories`. [#7204](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/7204)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes new endpoints that you can use to list all `Content`, `ContentGuards`, and `Repositories`. [#7204](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/7204)
```
It's three of them to this day. ;)

## Update to the SigningService

A new `public_key` field has been added to the **SigningService**. This field preserves the value of the public key. A new `pubkey_fingerprint` field was introduced as well, which identifies the
public key. [#7700](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/7700)

As a result of this, the following deprecation notice has been added for this release:

> `The path to the public key is no longer required to be present in the output of a signing script. It is recommended to pass the value of the public key during the object creation process instead.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`The path to the public key is no longer required to be present in the output of a signing script. It is required to pass the value of the public key during the object creation process instead.`
```

I think it's not an option. @bmbouter can you verify?

Author: For this blog @mdellweg I just took what message was in the code. The change would have to happen elsewhere?

Reviewer: I'm seeing this one:
https://github.com/pulp/pulpcore/commit/2e0366013d2035c96156bf83debdfc7c03f647a0#diff-81f6a78175bb93934b6beff952646d3ca1ef3731f1ff14492d4ec77bfc3fdf82R652

Author: Will amend that now!

## New name filtering options

In previous versions, you could only query the API to search for exact names. With this release, new querying parameters have been added, such as `name__icontains`, `name__contains`, and `name__startswith`, to make searching for objects easier. [#8094](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/8094)

## New filter capability for user and group endpoints

You can now filter lists of users and groups.  [#7975](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/7975)

The users endpoint now has the following filter options:         

```
fields = {
     "username": ["exact", "iexact", "in", "contains", "icontains"],
     "first_name": ["exact", "iexact", "in", "contains", "icontains"],
     "last_name": ["exact", "iexact", "in", "contains", "icontains"],
     "email": ["exact", "iexact", "in", "contains", "icontains"],
     "is_active": ["exact"],
     "is_staff": ["exact"],
 }

```

The group endpoint now has the following filter options:

```
fields = {
         "id": ["exact", "in"],
         "name": ["exact", "iexact", "in", "contains", "icontains"],
     }
```

## Add your own labels to objects

> With the addition of the `pulp_labels` field, you can create labels to add your own key/data for your resources in Pulp. You can also modify and remove these labels if needed.  

Reviewer 2: This section looks good. Can you link to the new doc I created?

https://docs.pulpproject.org/pulpcore/workflows/labels.html

Author: Gladly

* Users with view group permissions can view groups. [#8159](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/8159)
* Users with change group permissions can modify groups. [8160](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/8160)
* Authenticated users can create and view artifacts. [#8193](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/8193)
* Filtering has been added for access policies.  [#8189](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/8189)

### New AccessPolicy.customized field.

The `AccessPolicy.customized` field is a read-only field that defaults to `False`.
If `True`, this indicates that the user has modified the default access policy. [#8182](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/8182)

This will be useful for:

* Users to see how a system's RBAC has been modified
* Plugin writers who want to ship changes or bugfixes to default policies they previously shipped and don't want to overwrite a user's custom policy.

## Migration imports now use the `apps.get_model`
In various places in the migrations, models are imported directly and then used. This was a hazard because when the model definition changes, this code can break.

> The data migrations now use `apps.get_model(...)` instead. [#8203](https://pulp.plan.io/issues/8203)

Reviewer 3: Not sure if it's worth calling this out. It's not a user facing item and not plugin API fix/feature as well.

Author: I will remove then!
